At the end of January, when the SaaS blockchain was sold out and the market
sentiment fell to ice, it was also the start of the AI-agent open cloud boom.
We had actually planned to introduce these two companies to you at the time,
but considering the low market sentiment at the time, the video may have
limited attention and no one will watch it, so we chose to suspend it for the
time being.
At the same time, these two companies also belong to SaaS model software
companies, and we hope to release the relevant content at a more appropriate
time after the market panic.
However, there are new hot topics in the market every week, and the themes such
as the Iwaida financial report and the super cycle of light communication
continue to occupy the focus, which has repeatedly disrupted our production
rhythm.
As a result, these two companies have rebounded more than 60% since the bottom,
and now the stock price has come to a relatively high position.
It is inevitable that there will be questions from the audience, is it that we
have a high position?
Wrong!
In fact, the core purpose of this video is not to simply recommend stocks to
make everyone higher, but to help you dig into the key trends of AI development
in the next 1-2 years, as well as a potential dividend track that has not been
widely recognized.
If you think the current price is high, you can choose to wait for the
adjustment and then layout, or join our VIP community.
We released a real-time trading reminder at a low price and low time at that
time, and the second half of the video will also have a related screenshot for
your reference.
Without further ado, the video officially begins.
Do you know what the next chart GPT is?
Huang Renxun gave an answer on GDC, which may make many people instantly re-
understand the wealth logic of this round of AI.
His answer is not a larger model, but OpenClaw.
Huang is not an ordinary fan this time, he directly raised OpenClaw to the
historical level.
He said that this may be the most important software release in history.
He even took it to compare Linux, that is to say, the entire network era of the
grassroots system.
Linux took 30 years to become the world's first, and OpenClaw, Huang's
original, only took three weeks.
But what really made Wall Street's back cold was his more harsh statement at
the GDC.
All companies in the future must develop their own OpenClaw strategy, because
the AI agent is the new era of computers.
This sentence directly answers the three most relevant questions related to
your wallet.
First, the next step of AI is to continue to chat with you, or to directly get
down to work for you.
Second, is the AI agent really a golden opportunity, or is it another big new
story?
Third, when the AI agent is fully commercialized, which industry will first
explode billions of profits?
As long as you understand these three questions, you will understand where the
next round of wealth will flow.
Because once the AI agent really starts to perform its tasks, the first thing
to be changed is definitely not just the software interface, but the cloud stru
cture, security boundaries, and execution environment behind it.
This is the real strength of this main line.
And after we completely dismantled the industry chain this time, the conclusion
is very direct.
Not all clouds are suitable for AI agents.
Now many traditional cloud agents are facing a very embarrassing reality.
They can't run this high-frequency, fragmented, and extremely advanced agent
demand for the old architecture Instead, this gives two American companies a
chance to change their lives.
One has the most critical extreme execution environment, and the other has the
most important self-assertive security network in the world.
More importantly, the market may not have yet put this thing in the real price.
As an in-depth dry goods of the American investment network, this video has a
lot of gold.
Be sure to see the final harvest beyond imagination.
Before I discuss these two leading companies, I have to give you a background.
In the past 40 years, from personal computers to smartphones to cloud
computing, the bottom logic of the computer has not changed.
It is essentially a passive tool.
If you don't click, it will stop.
To put it bluntly, in the past, the entire computing era has always been a
human-operated machine.
But AI agent is different.
It no longer needs you to teach it how to do it step by step, but you just need
to give it a goal.
It disassembles the task itself, calls the tool, and executes the process.
Finally, hand over the result.
It's like you're in an automatic taxi.
You just need to tell it the destination.
The rest of the route planning, route response, and rhythm adjustment are all
handled by it.
This is the core reason why Huang Renxun pushes the agent so strongly on GTT.
What he sees is not just that AI has become smarter, but that the division of
labor between humans and machines has begun to change for the first time.
Humans are responsible for setting goals.
Agents are responsible for finishing the job.
So once the agent enters the execution layer, behind it is a whole new set of
basic support requirements.
More inference algorithms, lower-defined networks, higher-frequency data
transfer, more detailed front-end management, and stronger security isolation.
Huang Renxun insists that the agent is essentially opening up a second stage of
growth logic for the entire AI industry.
The first stage is to sell intelligence, so that everyone can see that AI can
think, answer, and write.
The second stage is to execute, so that the market believes that AI can really
get into the company, get into the process, and turn it into profit.
But it's also because agents are really starting to work, that things get
serious all of a sudden.
A model that only knows how to chat is wrong.
At most, it's right or wrong.
But once an agent that knows how to execute is wrong, it's likely that the cost
is out of control, the data is leaked, and the front-end is out of control.
It even directly messes up the core business process.
Because what it's facing is no longer a closed dialogue box, but a real
database, sensitive files, internal interfaces, and enterprise processes.
The stronger the agent is, the higher the requirements for the underlying
execution environment.
If you throw a highly autonomous execution system directly into a set of high-
delay, cost-uncontrollable, secure, borderless, and vague traditional cloud
architecture, then it's not upgrading, it's doubling the risk.
This is exactly why the AI agent is a new-generation computer.
Since it's a new computer, everything around it, the operating environment, the
network architecture, the security model, and the deployment method have to be
redone.
This is the biggest cognitive gap in the current market.
On the surface, everyone is still enthusiastic about whose model is stronger,
whose chip is faster.
But if the main line of the agent is really established, then the first to make
money may not be the busiest layer in front of the stage.
Instead, it may be the set behind the scenes that makes the agent run, run
safely, run safely, and run well.
Because the agent's complex characteristics and traditional web pages, apps, or
batch processing are not the same thing.
Traditional Internet requests are mostly one input and one return.
But the agent runs a continuous chain.
First understand the target, then call the tool, read the information, make a
judgment, and then move on to the next step.
It is not a simple response system, but a continuous operation system with
state multi-tool coordination.
This will bring three major challenges.
Delay is magnified by number of steps and indexes, resulting in a long chain of
tasks.
The cost is out of control due to frequent up-and-down and repeated
verification.
The risk of security is upgraded from misrepresentation to big trouble, and
must be strictly isolated from sensitive operations.
So what agents really need is not just computing power, but four things at the
same time.
Continuous online execution environment, sufficient network latency, sufficient
ly fine full-scale border, and controllable cost structure.
Who can solve these four things at the same time, who is qualified to eat the
landing of the agent?
To face such a real investment opportunity, it may not be on those traditional
cloud heads with large volume and slow turnover, but rather on two companies
that have not yet been fully rebuilt by the market.
One solution can run, and the other solution can run safely.
And in the gap between the giant's turnover, these two companies just stuck in
the most valuable position in the age of agents.
The following content is more exciting, the video is very long, first like to
collect, the key moment can help.
The first one is DigitalOcean, the American code name DOCM.
This is a cloud infrastructure company with a market value of only more than $
700 million.
Put in the cloud computing giant chain track, it is not large in volume, but
its card position is very special, and it happens to be on the layer where the
AI agent can walk to the landing.
Why is it?
Because the first thing that the agent needs may not be the most complex large
enterprise in the process, but rather a large number of small and medium-sized
teams, AI native startup companies, and a group of developers who want to push
the agent into the production environment as soon as possible.
For these people, the most important question is whether there is an
environment that can get me up as soon as possible, and don't be too fast, don
't be too tossing, this is exactly what DOCM is best at.
It's not about competing with bigger giants, but it's about being simpler, more
direct, and easier to get a job.
You can also understand AWS as a large industrial area, with everything, but it
's also complicated and expensive.
And DOCM is more like a standardized factory that you can start with.
For the agent, this ability is very important, because at this stage, running
first is more important than anything else.
And DOCM is no longer talking about concepts, it has already taken out the real
data in the production environment.
The most typical example is Wacato.
According to the company's public leaked data, after Wacato moved AI load to
the optimized environment of DOCM, the return on investment was $0.
77 per million tokens, down 67% from the original, while hardware cost increased
by 33%.
Why is this number critical?
Because it directly hits the most realistic point of agent commercialization,
not whether the model can run, but the same set of tasks, who can run cheaper,
the company will not continue to pay for it because it is cooler, but it will
certainly pay for 2% of the cost of the same result.
Another more convincing case is Character.
ai.
After DOCM payload is combined with AMD optimization, Character.
ai has doubled its production environment inference load on its platform, while
the cost efficiency has improved by 50%.
More importantly, Character.
ai itself processes more than 100 million searches a day, which shows that DOCM
is not dealing with the demo in the lab, but the real high frequency,
continuous online, and very sensitive production flow for delay and cost.
If these customer cases prove that the product is already able to fight, the
financial data proves that commercialization has begun to break out.
DOCM in the 4th quarter of 2025, has run the monthly annual income to $1
billion.
What is more noteworthy is that AI customers often earn $120 million a year,
which is 150% more than the increase.
This shows that AI is no longer just a direction for it, but has begun to
become a policy income that can advance financial reports and promote growth.
More importantly, the management layer particularly emphasized that more than
70% of AI income comes from inference services and core cloud products, rather
than simply selling naked GPUs.
This sentence is very important, because it shows that DOCM does not produce a
one-off hardware bonus, but a longer, more stable, and more in line with the
executive income of Agent's landing logic.
So I think that what DOCM is really worth paying attention to is not whether it
will become another super cloud, but that it is likely to become the first
batch of re-ordered infrastructure platforms in the age of Agent.
Once the market starts to estimate it according to this logic, the space for
this company to be re-ordered may seem larger than it appears.
DOCM, our U.
S.
stock investment website, notified the VIP community a month ago to buy near $
66.
4.
As of this Wednesday, the stock price has come to $86.
4, with 30% profit at this stage.
If DOCM is solving the problem of how to calculate money, then the second Cloud
flare will solve the problem of whether there will be traffic jams, out of
control, or accidents In the past, many people have had an impression of this
company as a CDN, network security, firewall.
But from its latest product architecture, it is clear that Cloudflare is no
longer a single-point tool company.
It has zero trust and network security on top, a developer platform in the
middle, and its own global network below.
Orcas, R2, DurableObjects, these capabilities have all been put into the same
platform.
In other words, it is not selling a certain function, but a whole set of bottom
-level running platforms of the age of Agent.
The first point of Cloudflare is that it is a network that is wide enough and
close enough.
It now covers more than 330 cities, more than 125 countries, directly connect
ing more than 13,000 networks, and about 95% of the global network inputs are
within 50 milliseconds away from its data center.
This number may be just a little faster to load on an ordinary website, but it
's a big difference on Agent.
Because Agent is not a click, but a series of actions, such as dropping models,
checking tools, reading data, and then moving on to the next step.
It doesn't look like much, but after a dozen or so steps, the whole system will
be obvious.
The meaning of Cloudflare is to try to get these actions done in the closest
place to the user, and to compress these layer-by-layer additional delays.
The second key point is state capability.
Agent doesn't just say a word and it's over.
He has to remember what he just did, which step of the task he did, and whether
he can continue to do it after stopping in the middle.
Cloudflare's Durable Objects is essentially a long-term memory for each agent,
with a state that can store data directly.
You can understand it as not letting the agent re-remember every time it
starts, but giving it a fixed memory and a long-term memory.
For a company, this is not a piece of cake, but a bottom line.
Because a lot of real business is not something that can be done in a few
words.
The next key point is control and security.
After the agent is really close to the business, what companies are most afraid
of is that he will hang up the wrong interface, encounter sensitive data, blow
up the bill, or even do something he shouldn't have done.
Cloudflare's AI Gateway was here before.
It can unify the monitoring, cache flow, error processing, and model switching.
To put it bluntly, it's standing in front of the agent.
Which requests should be released, which should be blocked, which are too
expensive to flow, and whether the main model should be hung up and whether to
cut the backup model.
These can all be controlled.
Plus R2's zero export cost.
And Cloudflare is also helping companies with the invisible tax A lot of agents
will not die in the future because the model is not strong enough, but because
the data is running back and forth, and the bill is out of control.
This is something that the market has not fully realized yet.
More importantly, these things are already being written into the financial re
port, rather than just staying in the PPT.
Cloudflare revenue in the fourth quarter of 2025 was $6.
16 billion, an increase of 34%, and revenue of $21.
68 billion And this company is not built by small customers.
73% of the revenue has come from big customers.
38% of the wealth 500 wall are its paid customers.
The number of big customers is still increasing by 23%.
Plus it intercepts about 21.
5 billion network threats a day.
You will find that what the market is buying now is not just that Cloudflare is
a network company, but that it is paying for the new flow and security needs of
the AI and agent era So if you use one sentence to summarize what Cloudflare
has solved is that agents are moving from demo to the most difficult step How
to really enter the enterprise system Cloudflare We reminded the VIP community
to start with $179.
5 Now the increase exceeds 28%.
To be honest, when we bought Cloudflare at that time, we were still a little
uneasy because its enterprise value is 684 times higher This kind of valuation
level can't keep up with expectations There must be a lot of stock price
adjustment This year, I made these videos today not to let everyone catch up
but to show you the growth logic behind these two companies Let you understand
why we bought at that time why the members can get on the bus in advance and
why they have grown for a while but this line may not be over yet As long as
you analyze a company a company but the stock price will fall It may be the
time when the market has a setback It is often a good time If you want to see
when we are in the most chaotic market how to lock this opportunity in advance
how to split the layout how to dynamically track the position Welcome to join
the U.
S.
Stock Investment Network All right Today's video is over What do you think of
these two companies Who do you think has more potential Welcome to leave a
message in the comment area to discuss together If you like this not just news
but the industry logic company card position and investment opportunity layer
by layer content Remember to like us Subscribe to the channel and turn on the
little bell Every like and support from you is the biggest motivation for us to
continue to dig deep and continue to publish high-quality content